## Attributes and Examples:
  Person 1 decided to respond for the domain of culinary items. She identified 10 examples which are as follows: Bowl, Whisk, Stove, Chef, Coke, Sprite, Pizza, Pasta, Cake, Muffin. The following attribute pairs were identified by person 1: cheap vs. expensive, sweet vs. savory, liquid vs. solid, ephemeral vs. long-lasting, regular-shape vs. irregular shape, tool vs. food, cooked vs. manufactured, and grocery vs. restaurant. When repgrids from persons 2 and 3 were analyzed using fastmap and sway, some very natural and interesting similarities emerged which were hidden within the data.

## Similarities
  From repgrid2 of person2 and repgrid3 of person3, in both cases coke and sprite were placed in the same cluster. Two interesting synonyms emerged from person3's repgrid3 where whisk and bowl were placed in the same cluster and chef and stove are placed in the same cluster since whisk is usually used in a bowl and a chef would use stoves for cooking. In person3's repgrid, pasta, pizza and cakes were placed in a broader synonymous cluster. At the same time, whisk and bowl were placed in the same broader cluster as muffin since batter for muffin would be made in a bowl using a whisk.
  From repgrid2 of person2, some interesting prototypes surfaced. One example was when cheap:expensive were placed in the same cluster as sweet:savory which goes to say that sweet items are mostly cheap whereas savory foods are expensive. Also, interestingly liquid:solid were placed in the same cluster as ephemeral:long-lasting since items with high moisture content tend to rot faster and solid items with less moisture content a durable. Moreover, cooked:manufactured prototypes were placed in the same cluster as restaurant:grocery which goes to say that items found in restaurant are mostly cooked and items found in the grocery are manufactured.

## Dissimilarities
  From both reprids, coke and sprite were placed in an isolated cluster than everything else which makes sense since these two are soda beverages.
